RHIDP-3401 - Release notes for release 1.3 (#559)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/release-notes/snip-bug-fix-rhidp-2374.adoc

[id="bug-fix-rhidp-2374"]
= Added missing plugin name in the RBAC administration interface

> Before this update, the RBAC administration user interface *Permission Policies*  table didn't display the plugin name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before this update, the RBAC administration user interface *Permission Policies*  table did not display the plugin name.

```
